Added Request Kittens (#1423)
public-apis/public-apis: README.md

| [RandomCat](https://aws.random.cat/meow) | Random pictures of cats | No | Yes | Yes |
| [RandomDog](https://random.dog/woof.json) | Random pictures of dogs | No | Yes | Yes |
| [RandomFox](https://randomfox.ca/floof/) | Random pictures of foxes | No | Yes | No |

> | [Request Kittens](https://github.com/joshwcomeau/RequestKittens) | Provides a way to return various cat images | No | Yes | Unknown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Request Kittens](http://joshwcomeau.github.io/RequestKittensDocs/public/) | Provides a way to return various cat images | `apiKey` | No | Unknown |
```
